pages/presentations/docs/assets.md, before:

---
title: Assets
path: presentations/assets
---

This document contains a running list of all of the assets and templates used for presentations.

## Icons
### Octicons
![Octicons](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/57805935-e6fd7e00-7712-11e9-873a-98187da7a06c.png)
Octicons are the standard icon set used on GitHub.
[Web](https://octicons.github.com/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/primer/octicons) | [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/FP7lqd1V00LUaT5zvdklkkZr/Octicons)

### GitHub Marketing icons
![GitHub Marketing icons](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/57806011-13b19580-7713-11e9-8e27-7d481b5314cc.png)
The GitHub Marketing icons were created by the Creative team for use in our web, email, and other digital marketing collateral. Choose from GitHub's brand blue color, or a monochrome white on dark.
[Web](https://ghicons.github.com/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/github/icons) | [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/mI7o0RNCbWFhckw2svxKsm/GitHub-Updated-icons-Expanded?node-id=56%3A56) | [Keynote & PowerPoint](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1SgEAakP98krI0TxzXc_B0AAGu4AxI2G5)

## Presentation Templates
### Keynote
The Keynote template is available for GitHub employees on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Wp3NyCYM-FsU-4MKSbPcBgIsWVgvUQy0).
### PowerPoint
The PowerPoint template is available for GitHub employees on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1QKiEbruGhWAY85NsEuTIEccDlAiz9qbD).
### Google Slides
The Google slides template is available as a custom theme within the [template gallery](https://docs.google.com/presentation/u/0/?tgif=d&ftv=1).

Commit message:

update js-yaml dependency, update color documentation

pages/presentations/docs/assets.md, after:

---
title: Assets
path: presentations/assets
---

This document contains a running list of all of the assets and templates used for presentations.
## Colors
![color system](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/60050673-0a0e3c80-9686-11e9-911a-c27e78e0ca51.png)

Primer Presentations uses the same [color system](https://primer.style/css/support/color-system) created for our product. Our color system is available as a color palette packaged together with the [Keynote template download](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Wp3NyCYM-FsU-4MKSbPcBgIsWVgvUQy0). Please refer to our detailed [instructions](design-guidelines) on how to install the color palette into your version of Keynote.

## Icons
### Octicons
![Octicons](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/57805935-e6fd7e00-7712-11e9-873a-98187da7a06c.png)
Octicons are the standard icon set used on GitHub.
[Web](https://octicons.github.com/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/primer/octicons) | [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/FP7lqd1V00LUaT5zvdklkkZr/Octicons)

### GitHub Marketing icons
![GitHub Marketing icons](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/57806011-13b19580-7713-11e9-8e27-7d481b5314cc.png)
The GitHub Marketing icons were created by the Creative team for use in our web, email, and other digital marketing collateral. Choose from GitHub's brand blue color, or a monochrome white on dark.
[Web](https://ghicons.github.com/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/github/icons) | [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/mI7o0RNCbWFhckw2svxKsm/GitHub-Updated-icons-Expanded?node-id=56%3A56) | [Keynote & PowerPoint](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1SgEAakP98krI0TxzXc_B0AAGu4AxI2G5)

## Presentation Templates
### Keynote
The [Keynote](presentation-formats#object-Object-Keynote) template is available for GitHub employees on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Wp3NyCYM-FsU-4MKSbPcBgIsWVgvUQy0).
### PowerPoint
The [PowerPoint](presentation-formats#object-Object-PowerPoint) template is available for GitHub employees on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1QKiEbruGhWAY85NsEuTIEccDlAiz9qbD).
### Google Slides
The [Google Slides](presentation-formats#object-Object-Google-Slides) template is available as a custom theme within the [template gallery](https://docs.google.com/presentation/u/0/?tgif=d&ftv=1).
