pages/presentations/docs/design-guidelines.md, before:

---
title: Design Guidelines
path: presentations/design-guidelines
---

## Text styling
The presentation system uses system fonts. The default font is **Helvetica Neue**. The default monospace font is `Menlo` in Keynote and `Roboto Mono` in Google Slides.

### Font Sizing
|   Type  | Keynote | Google Slides |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----------: |
|    H1   |   100   |      40       |
|    H2   |   72    |      30       |
|    H3   |   64    |      24       |
|    H4   |   56    |      18       |
|   Body  |   48    |      16       |

### Monospace Fonts
Monospace fonts are used for quote attributions, code, and labels/eyebrow text.

### Highlighting
Highlighting is great for indicating important points that you'd like your audience to remember from a statement or quote. In our system, highlights are represented by altering the color of the text.

**Usage guidelines:**

- **Avoid multiple highlights.** Highlights should be used sparingly to only highlight key words or phrases on the slide. Too many highlights will confuse your audience in regards to what the most important take away should be.
- **Emphasis over decoration** Remember that when you're highlighting text you're telling the audience, "This is important". Be sure to ask yourself "Is the highlight necessary to add emphasis to my talking point?" before highlighting.

Do ✅ | Don't 🚫
:---: | :---:
![quote-good](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55268057-cef59c00-5243-11e9-8400-6381fae36fea.png) | ![quote-bad](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55268059-d7e66d80-5243-11e9-9842-37d4009dfb9e.png)
Highlight important points that your audience should pay attention to. | Use too many highlights.





#### Recommended highlight color pairings

All highlight colors come from the [Primer color system](https://styleguide.github.com/primer/support/color-system/). We've supplied a list of recommended highlight colors below.

|   Background  |  Highlight  | Hex value |
| :-----------: | :---------: | :-------: |
|     Black     |  yellow-400 |  #ffdf5d  |
|     Black     |   blue-400  |  #2188ff  |
|     Black     |   red-400   |  #ea4a5a  |
|     White     |   blue-600  |  #005cc5  |
|     White     |   red-500   |  #d73a49  |


## Images
When using a screenshot, it’s best to match the background. We suggest to take a screenshot on a similar color background or use a PNG with a transparent background as this will look the most seamless.

### Usage guidelines:

Do ✅ | Don't 🚫
:---: | :---:
<img width="500" alt="image-white" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54647439-b32e1100-4a5f-11e9-8d85-a4a2e64319ca.png"/> | <img width="500" alt="image-black" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54647548-1f107980-4a60-11e9-9640-8f1721609e44.png"/>
Use images with a similar or transparent background. | Use images with opposite backgrounds to the slide background.

### Adding images

Images can be easily added to any presentation by simply drag and dropping, copy and pasting, or inserting from the toolbar in Keynote, Google Slides, and Figma.

#### Adding images in Keynote

|    Source   |  Description  |  Example  |
| :---------: | :-----------: | :-------: |
| Browser | Drag and drop any image from the web browser into Keynote | ![keynote-browser](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55426909-c4385100-553a-11e9-88b6-467a4134f1cf.gif) |
| Local machine | Drag and drop any image from the Finder into Keynote | ![keynote-local](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55426910-c4385100-553a-11e9-811a-69ecc5710708.gif)
 |

#### Replacing images in Keynote
|    Step   | Example  |
| :---------: | :-------: |
| Select the image and click the `Image` tab | ![keynote-image-replace-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54857498-d7d2f480-4cbc-11e9-9f53-8e1945758d41.gif) |
| Click the `Replace` | ![Screenshot 2019-04-02 13 00 23](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55432266-4d558500-5547-11e9-88b2-21818e9182c3.png)
 |
| Select the new image and click `Open` | ![keynote-image-replace-3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54857324-f8e71580-4cbb-11e9-9570-8d5022954806.gif) |

#### Adding images in Google Slides

|    Source   |  Description  |  Example  |
| :---------: | :-----------: | :-------: |
| Browser | Drag and drop any image from any tab in your web browser into the tab with Google Slides | ![google-add-image-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55434040-7d9f2280-554b-11e9-926c-690b8a001c3e.gif) |
| Local Machine | In the toolbar select `Insert > Image > Upload from computer` | ![google-add-image-2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55434041-7d9f2280-554b-11e9-844f-8d019a7d8466.gif) |
| By URL | In the toolbar select `Insert > Image > By URL` and paste the image's URL | ![google-add-image-3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55434043-7d9f2280-554b-11e9-9c2b-520055cbbfb5.gif) |

#### Replacing images in Google Slides
|    Step   | Example  |
| :---------: | :-------: |
| With the image selected, click the `Replace Image` in the toolbar | ![Screenshot 2019-04-02 13 35 49](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55434339-3feec980-554c-11e9-87aa-607f84827120.png) |
| Select which method to replace your image | <img width="500" alt="google-slide-replace" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54858092-f686ba80-4cbf-11e9-821d-dfc9febc02e8.png"/> |


## GitHub Icons and Illustrations
You are allowed to use certain illustrations provided by our awesome creative team in your presentation. Please _**only**_ use approved art provided within the [Asset Library](). If you cannot find what you are looking for or would like to request something specific, please create an issue within the [presentations repo](https://github.com/primer/presentations/).

**A few guidelines**
- **Don't** alter the illustrations.
- **Don't** combine images that use different stylings

### Icons
Icons are used to show a visual association with different objects (e.g., The core four include: Developers, Teams, Enterprise, and Maintainers). There are two sets of icons specific to GitHub: the [GitHub marketing icons](https://primer.github.io/presentations/assets-list.html#marketing-icons) and the [Octicons](https://octicons.github.com/).

<img width="958" alt="Screenshot 2019-03-29 17 32 58" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55268614-b340c480-5248-11e9-9600-03b5bb7e6073.png"/>

#### Replace icons (Keynote)

<!--![Replacing icons in Keynote is easy!](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54571638-f4132080-49a0-11e9-9e4e-406ce3c44ec1.gif)-->
![keynote-icon-replace](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55364700-93064500-5496-11e9-8dc4-cfa2a106517e.gif)

| Step | Example |
| --- | --- |
| 1. Open [GitHub-keynote-icons.key](https://primer.github.io/presentations/assets-list.html#marketing-icons) | <img width="500" alt="Screenshot 2019-03-18 13 35 39" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54571249-13a94980-499f-11e9-9643-1401534922d4.png"/> |
| 2. Select icon and copy | ![choose-icon](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55425611-c3ea8680-5537-11e9-877f-6e575e8b50a5.png) |
| 3. In your presentation, select your icon layout template (1-4 icons available) | ![Select Layout](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54777536-ba742c80-4bcf-11e9-81e5-df0e518d8ad5.png) |
| 4. Select the icon you would like to replace | ![replace-icon-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55426006-9baf5780-5538-11e9-961a-307bb841056e.png) |
| 5. Paste | ![replace-icon-2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55426007-9baf5780-5538-11e9-97eb-e140fe9ef55b.png)
 |

#### Replace icons (Google Slides)

**Step 1: Choose your icon**
- Go to https://ghicons.github.com/
- Find the icon you’d like to use
- Right click > Copy Image Address

**Step 2: Add to slide**
- On slide, click placeholder icon
- Click Replace Image > By URL
- Paste URL copied from ghicons.github.com

### Illustrations

There is a wide variety of illustrations that are available to use for your presentation. The [Octodex](https://octodex.github.com/) is full of pre-approved Octocat illustrations. If you'd like to customize your own Octocat, use the [Octocat Generator](https://myoctocat.com/).

If you are looking for a specific illustration please contact [@ashygee](https://github.slack.com/team/UDY7XTA79).

## Backgrounds
Background colors should be limited to the colors provided in the template.

![Screenshot 2019-04-02 13 55 51](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55435593-0a97ab00-554f-11e9-83b1-74aa14dd7411.png)

#### Usage guidelines:

| Don't 🚫 |
| :---: |
| <img width="500" alt="bg-dont-gradient" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54648119-40726500-4a62-11e9-95cc-f2798867dfd6.png"/> |
| Use gradients or colors outside the provided template. |
| <img width="500" alt="bg-dont-tile" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54648132-4d8f5400-4a62-11e9-9445-25016320e1fd.png"/> |
| Use tiled images. |

### Background Images

![Section Title - Hubot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55435514-e0de8400-554e-11e9-9376-42cebd3c1c83.png)

Background images should be used _only_ to support, not to distract the viewers. Lower the opacity of a background image to maintain readability.

#### Usage guidelines:

Do ✅ | Don't 🚫
:---: | :---:
Use busy background images when paired with text. | <img width="500" alt="bg-dont" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54647119-a9f07480-4a5e-11e9-93c1-29d6116b8492.png"/>

Do | ✅
:---: | :---:
Background images should be dimmed to 25% opacity. | <img width="500" alt="bg-do" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54647253-06539400-4a5f-11e9-8315-f14eefee699f.png"/>

Commit message:

added color profile, corrected footer guidelines, updated keynote gifs

pages/presentations/docs/design-guidelines.md, after:

---
title: Design Guidelines
path: presentations/design-guidelines
---

## Color palette

 MacOS has it's own system-wide color picker for managing color palettes, meaning you can easily import our entire color system to customize your slides.

 1. Download or clone this repository.
2. Open Keynote and the color picker with **View** > **Show Colors** (or <kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd>). Click the gear icon and **Open...** to load the palette.

   <img width="640" alt="screen shot 2017-05-17 at 3 50 31 pm" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/98681/26179462/b9662e34-3b18-11e7-9e43-9684f690e9c3.png">

 3. Navigate to and select the `colors/github.clr` file in this repository.

   <img width="326" alt="screen shot 2017-05-17 at 3 51 16 pm" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/98681/26179461/b95bc30e-3b18-11e7-92f3-725e35f20ecb.png">

 4. Profit!!!???

 ![keynote-color-palette](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/98681/29694430-fb92f938-88f0-11e7-9e5b-666236fd8100.png)


## Text styling
The presentation system uses system fonts. The default font is **Helvetica Neue**. The default monospace font is `Menlo` in Keynote and `Roboto Mono` in Google Slides.

### Font Sizing
|   Type  | Keynote | Google Slides |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----------: |
|    H1   |   100   |      40       |
|    H2   |   72    |      30       |
|    H3   |   64    |      24       |
|    H4   |   56    |      18       |
|   Body  |   48    |      16       |

### Monospace Fonts
Monospace fonts are used for quote attributions, code, and labels/eyebrow text.

### Highlighting
Highlighting is great for indicating important points that you'd like your audience to remember from a statement or quote. In our system, highlights are represented by altering the color of the text.

**Usage guidelines:**

- **Avoid multiple highlights.** Highlights should be used sparingly to only highlight key words or phrases on the slide. Too many highlights will confuse your audience in regards to what the most important take away should be.
- **Emphasis over decoration** Remember that when you're highlighting text you're telling the audience, "This is important". Be sure to ask yourself "Is the highlight necessary to add emphasis to my talking point?" before highlighting.

Do ✅ | Don't 🚫
:---: | :---:
![quote-good](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55268057-cef59c00-5243-11e9-8400-6381fae36fea.png) | ![quote-bad](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55268059-d7e66d80-5243-11e9-9842-37d4009dfb9e.png)
Highlight important points that your audience should pay attention to. | Use too many highlights.





#### Recommended highlight color pairings

All highlight colors come from the [Primer color system](https://styleguide.github.com/primer/support/color-system/). We've supplied a list of recommended highlight colors below.

|   Background  |  Highlight  | Hex value |
| :-----------: | :---------: | :-------: |
|     Black     |  yellow-400 |  #ffdf5d  |
|     Black     |   blue-400  |  #2188ff  |
|     Black     |   red-400   |  #ea4a5a  |
|     White     |   blue-600  |  #005cc5  |
|     White     |   red-500   |  #d73a49  |


## Images
When using a screenshot, it’s best to match the background. We suggest to take a screenshot on a similar color background or use a PNG with a transparent background as this will look the most seamless.

### Usage guidelines:

Do ✅ | Don't 🚫
:---: | :---:
<img width="500" alt="image-white" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54647439-b32e1100-4a5f-11e9-8d85-a4a2e64319ca.png"/> | <img width="500" alt="image-black" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54647548-1f107980-4a60-11e9-9640-8f1721609e44.png"/>
Use images with a similar or transparent background. | Use images with opposite backgrounds to the slide background.

### Adding images

Images can be easily added to any presentation by simply drag and dropping, copy and pasting, or inserting from the toolbar in Keynote, Google Slides, and Figma.

#### Adding images in Keynote

|    Source   |  Description  |  Example  |
| :---------: | :-----------: | :-------: |
| Browser | Drag and drop any image from the web browser into Keynote | ![keynote-browser](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55426909-c4385100-553a-11e9-88b6-467a4134f1cf.gif) |
| Local machine | Drag and drop any image from the Finder into Keynote | ![keynote-local](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55426910-c4385100-553a-11e9-811a-69ecc5710708.gif)
 |

#### Replacing images in Keynote
|    Step   | Example  |
| :---------: | :-------: |
| Select the image and click the `Image` tab | ![keynote-replace-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55841326-9ecfb800-5ae3-11e9-918a-fc5e9ecfb94b.gif) |
| Click the `Replace` | ![Screenshot 2019-04-02 13 00 23](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55432266-4d558500-5547-11e9-88b2-21818e9182c3.png)
 |
| Select the new image and click `Open` | ![keynote-replace-2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55841327-9ecfb800-5ae3-11e9-8277-2c0aa79a0f3a.gif) |

#### Adding images in Google Slides

|    Source   |  Description  |  Example  |
| :---------: | :-----------: | :-------: |
| Browser | Drag and drop any image from any tab in your web browser into the tab with Google Slides | ![google-add-image-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55434040-7d9f2280-554b-11e9-926c-690b8a001c3e.gif) |
| Local Machine | In the toolbar select `Insert > Image > Upload from computer` | ![google-add-image-2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55434041-7d9f2280-554b-11e9-844f-8d019a7d8466.gif) |
| By URL | In the toolbar select `Insert > Image > By URL` and paste the image's URL | ![google-add-image-3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55434043-7d9f2280-554b-11e9-9c2b-520055cbbfb5.gif) |

#### Replacing images in Google Slides
|    Step   | Example  |
| :---------: | :-------: |
| With the image selected, click the `Replace Image` in the toolbar | ![Screenshot 2019-04-02 13 35 49](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55434339-3feec980-554c-11e9-87aa-607f84827120.png) |
| Select which method to replace your image | <img width="500" alt="google-slide-replace" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54858092-f686ba80-4cbf-11e9-821d-dfc9febc02e8.png"/> |


## GitHub Icons and Illustrations
You are allowed to use certain illustrations provided by our awesome creative team in your presentation. Please _**only**_ use approved art provided within the [Asset Library](). If you cannot find what you are looking for or would like to request something specific, please create an issue within the [presentations repo](https://github.com/primer/presentations/).

**A few guidelines**
- **Don't** alter the illustrations.
- **Don't** combine images that use different stylings

### Icons
Icons are used to show a visual association with different objects (e.g., The core four include: Developers, Teams, Enterprise, and Maintainers). There are two sets of icons specific to GitHub: the [GitHub marketing icons](https://primer.github.io/presentations/assets-list.html#marketing-icons) and the [Octicons](https://octicons.github.com/).

<img width="958" alt="Screenshot 2019-03-29 17 32 58" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55268614-b340c480-5248-11e9-9600-03b5bb7e6073.png"/>

#### Replace icons (Keynote)

<!--![Replacing icons in Keynote is easy!](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54571638-f4132080-49a0-11e9-9e4e-406ce3c44ec1.gif)-->
![keynote-icon-replace](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55364700-93064500-5496-11e9-8dc4-cfa2a106517e.gif)

| Step | Example |
| --- | --- |
| 1. Open [GitHub-keynote-icons.key](https://primer.github.io/presentations/assets-list.html#marketing-icons) | <img width="500" alt="Screenshot 2019-03-18 13 35 39" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54571249-13a94980-499f-11e9-9643-1401534922d4.png"/> |
| 2. Select icon and copy | ![choose-icon](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55425611-c3ea8680-5537-11e9-877f-6e575e8b50a5.png) |
| 3. In your presentation, select your icon layout template (1-4 icons available) | ![Select Layout](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54777536-ba742c80-4bcf-11e9-81e5-df0e518d8ad5.png) |
| 4. Select the icon you would like to replace | ![replace-icon-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55426006-9baf5780-5538-11e9-961a-307bb841056e.png) |
| 5. Paste | ![replace-icon-2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55426007-9baf5780-5538-11e9-97eb-e140fe9ef55b.png)
 |

#### Replace icons (Google Slides)

**Step 1: Choose your icon**
- Go to https://ghicons.github.com/
- Find the icon you’d like to use
- Right click > Copy Image Address

**Step 2: Add to slide**
- On slide, click placeholder icon
- Click Replace Image > By URL
- Paste URL copied from ghicons.github.com

### Illustrations

There is a wide variety of illustrations that are available to use for your presentation. The [Octodex](https://octodex.github.com/) is full of pre-approved Octocat illustrations. If you'd like to customize your own Octocat, use the [Octocat Generator](https://myoctocat.com/).

If you are looking for a specific illustration please contact [@ashygee](https://github.slack.com/team/UDY7XTA79).

## Backgrounds
Background colors should be limited to the colors provided in the template.

![Screenshot 2019-04-02 13 55 51](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55435593-0a97ab00-554f-11e9-83b1-74aa14dd7411.png)

#### Usage guidelines:

| Don't 🚫 |
| :---: |
| <img width="500" alt="bg-dont-gradient" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54648119-40726500-4a62-11e9-95cc-f2798867dfd6.png"/> |
| Use gradients or colors outside the provided template. |
| <img width="500" alt="bg-dont-tile" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54648132-4d8f5400-4a62-11e9-9445-25016320e1fd.png"/> |
| Use tiled images. |

### Background Images

![Section Title - Hubot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/55435514-e0de8400-554e-11e9-9376-42cebd3c1c83.png)

Background images should be used _only_ to support, not to distract the viewers. Lower the opacity of a background image to maintain readability.

#### Usage guidelines:

Do ✅ | Don't 🚫
:---: | :---:
Use busy background images when paired with text. | <img width="500" alt="bg-dont" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54647119-a9f07480-4a5e-11e9-93c1-29d6116b8492.png"/>

Do | ✅
:---: | :---:
Background images should be dimmed to 25% opacity. | <img width="500" alt="bg-do" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54647253-06539400-4a5f-11e9-8315-f14eefee699f.png"/>
