pages/presentations/docs/presentation-formats.md, before:

---
title: Presentation Formats
path: presentations/presentation-formats
---

We support the following presentation formats:
- [Keynote](#keynote)
- [Google Slides](#google-slides)
- [Figma](#figma)

If there are any inconsistencies or bugs, please contact [@ashygee](https://github.slack.com/team/UDY7XTA79).

## Theme templates

Primer currently has one official theme available that we support, **Technology Theme v1**. This theme was created with the purpose to support the technology organization within GitHub.

### Keynote
Keynote templates are available for download to the members of the GitHub organization on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1jsWOHJL0hvLfmtQBYL3-srjYhom9z7Ln). Installation instructions for the Keynote theme are located [here](keynote-instructions.md).

If you have any issues viewing them, please ping [@ashygee](https://github.slack.com/team/UDY7XTA79) for assistance.

### Google Slides

Technology Theme v1 is available for use in the Google Slides template gallery.

![slides-template](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54726109-ce1b8680-4b2e-11e9-8746-4b83dae92a16.gif)

### Figma
The GitHub presentation theme is available as a Figma library for members of the GitHub organization.

To use, enable the Presentation - Technology Theme v1 in the Team libraries.
![figma](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54726257-8fd29700-4b2f-11e9-8fa4-625a8ace25cf.gif)

For more information on using Figma libraries, please refer to [Figma's documentation](https://help.figma.com/article/29-team-library).

---

Commit message:

added keynote theme installation instructions

pages/presentations/docs/presentation-formats.md, after:

---
title: Presentation Formats
path: presentations/presentation-formats
---

We support the following presentation formats:
- [Keynote](#keynote)
- [Google Slides](#google-slides)
- [Figma](#figma)

If there are any inconsistencies or bugs, please contact [@ashygee](https://github.slack.com/team/UDY7XTA79).

## Theme templates

Primer currently has one official theme available that we support, **Technology Theme v1**. This theme was created with the purpose to support the technology organization within GitHub.

### Keynote
Keynote templates are available for download to the members of the GitHub organization on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1jsWOHJL0hvLfmtQBYL3-srjYhom9z7Ln).

#### Installing the Keynote theme
To install, open the theme file (.kth) in Keynote and click **Add to Theme Chooser**. You will now have the theme available any time you open Keynote.
![Add to themes](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/56325663-e11e7800-6127-11e9-9fd3-4291c937317d.png)

If you have any issues viewing them, please ping [@ashygee](https://github.slack.com/team/UDY7XTA79) for assistance.

### Google Slides

Technology Theme v1 is available for use in the Google Slides template gallery.

![slides-template](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54726109-ce1b8680-4b2e-11e9-8746-4b83dae92a16.gif)

### Figma
The GitHub presentation theme is available as a Figma library for members of the GitHub organization.

To use, enable the Presentation - Technology Theme v1 in the Team libraries.
![figma](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54726257-8fd29700-4b2f-11e9-8fa4-625a8ace25cf.gif)

For more information on using Figma libraries, please refer to [Figma's documentation](https://help.figma.com/article/29-team-library).

---
