pages/presentations/docs/versioning.md, before:

---
title: Versioning
path: presentations/versioning
---

Versioning for the Primer presentation system will be logged by date. All updates will be kept in a changelog located in both the presenters notes of a changelog slide and on the Primer presentations site.

## Changelog
### May 1, 2019
- Microsoft Office users rejoice! The presentation design system now includes source files for PowerPoint. Inside you will now find the following:
  - PowerPoint theme (.thmx)
  - PowerPoint template (.potx)
  - PowerPoint file (.pptx)
  - GitHub Icons for PowerPoint
  - Logo sheet for PowerPoint
- Separated keynote, powerpoint, and icon files into separate .zip files
- Added documentation for powerpoint and updated asset links to reflect changes 

Keynote:
- Added `Section Title - Blue` layout
- Added `Browser` layout
- Added `Body Bullets White` text style
- Updated slide master name from "Section Title - Hubot" to "Section Title - Yellow"
- Updated `Title` slide decorative images
- Fixed top titles position to `y:80px`
- Fixed bullet level indentation

Google Slides:
- Added `Section Title - Blue` layout
- Added `Browser` layout

Figma:
- Better organization of slide layouts
- Created bullet and title text components

### April 17, 2019
- First release!
- We've included Keynote, Google Slides, and Figma presentation formats

Commit message:

updated keynote theme and added doc images

pages/presentations/docs/versioning.md, after:

---
title: Versioning
path: presentations/versioning
---

Versioning for the Primer presentation system will be logged by date. All updates will be kept in a changelog located in both the presenters notes of a changelog slide and on the Primer presentations site.

## Changelog
### May 15, 2019
- Added icon set thumbnails and format icons to docs for clearer context

Keynote:
- Fixed `Missing font...` bug.

### May 1, 2019
- Microsoft Office users rejoice! The presentation design system now includes source files for PowerPoint. Inside you will now find the following:
  - PowerPoint theme (.thmx)
  - PowerPoint template (.potx)
  - PowerPoint file (.pptx)
  - GitHub Icons for PowerPoint
  - Logo sheet for PowerPoint
- Separated keynote, powerpoint, and icon files into separate .zip files
- Added documentation for powerpoint and updated asset links to reflect changes

Keynote:
- Added `Section Title - Blue` layout
- Added `Browser` layout
- Added `Body Bullets White` text style
- Updated slide master name from "Section Title - Hubot" to "Section Title - Yellow"
- Updated `Title` slide decorative images
- Fixed top titles position to `y:80px`
- Fixed bullet level indentation

Google Slides:
- Added `Section Title - Blue` layout
- Added `Browser` layout

Figma:
- Better organization of slide layouts
- Created bullet and title text components

### April 17, 2019
- First release!
- We've included Keynote, Google Slides, and Figma presentation formats
