content/presentation-formats.mdx, before:

---
title: Presentation Formats
---

## Keynote

Keynote templates are available for download to the members of the GitHub organization on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Wp3NyCYM-FsU-4MKSbPcBgIsWVgvUQy0).

![The Keynote files](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/56326001-35762780-6129-11e9-915d-949763cb1186.png)

### Creating a new presentation

A new presentation can be created by opening `github-presentation-template.key` or `github-presentation-theme.kth`.

**Note:** If you just open the regular keynote file (`.key), you will need to duplicate this for your own presentation if you do not want to override the template for later use. It is recommended that for your first presentation you open the theme file (`.kth`) and add the theme to your Keynote to use for future use.

### Installing the Keynote theme

To install, open the theme file (`.kth`) in Keynote and click **Add to Theme Chooser**.

![Add to themes](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/56325663-e11e7800-6127-11e9-9fd3-4291c937317d.png)

You will now have the theme available any time you open Keynote.

## PowerPoint

PowerPoint templates are available for download to the members of the GitHub organization on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1QKiEbruGhWAY85NsEuTIEccDlAiz9qbD).

### Creating a new presentation

A new presentation can be created using either the `.potx` file or the `.pptx` file.

#### .potx vs .pptx: What's the difference?

First of all, both the `.potx` and the `.pptx` will open and create a new document.

The main difference is that a `.potx` is a template file which will create a new presentation with the presentation system theming (slides, colors, type) already in place. The `.pptx` on the other hand will just open like a normal file and you will have to **Save a Copy** or rename for your presentation.

**Tip:** The design systems team recommends using the template(`.potx`) file as this will start a fresh document with everything loaded right away. 😄

### Installing the PowerPoint themes

| Step                                                            | Screenshot                                                                                                                      |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| To install, open a new document and open the **Slide Master**.  | ![Open Slide master](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/57048191-d552ab80-6c27-11e9-81c5-3ca6c61ac6bf.png)      |
| Click the **Theme** button to open the theme window.            | ![Click the theme button](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/57048292-4003e700-6c28-11e9-9f34-600c15feb4de.png) |
| At the bottom, click on **Browse for Themes**.                  | ![Browse for Themes](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/57048344-6a55a480-6c28-11e9-8f61-70ed23816606.png)      |
| Navigate to your `github-presentation-system-powerpoint` folder | ![Navigate to your file](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/57048569-58283600-6c29-11e9-890c-f75694b67d5a.png)  |

## Google Slides

The GitHub presentation template is available for use in the Google Slides template gallery.

![slides-template](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/59050642-ac818f80-883f-11e9-9dc4-eccecb3dce0b.gif)

## Deckset

A Deckset theme of the GitHub presentation template is available for download for the members of the GitHub organization on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1PDKiK_hOJja6ZBQiTHy37JD8S4Buzwz7).

![deckset-template](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/77022093-e8f12880-6945-11ea-92f9-623556fa6488.png)

An example presentation is also provided to showcase various slide options when using the theme but please refer to the official [Deckset help site](https://docs.decksetapp.com/English.lproj/getting-started.html) for more detailed information.

### How to use

1. Download the assets
2. Open Deckset and click `File > Import Theme...`
3. Navigate to the `GitHub Presentation Template - Deckset` folder and select `GitHub_Theme.dstheme`
4. Create your markdown presentation in Deckset! 🎉

#### Basic customization

Here is a basic set of commands that you can add to individual slides to customize your content:

|              Command              |                        Description                        |
| :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------: |
| `[.background-color: #HEXVALUE]`  |   Changes the background color for an individual slide    |
|         `[.hide-footer]`          |         Hides the footer for an individual slide          |
|   `[.slidenumbers:true/false]`    | Shows or hides the slide numbers for an individual slide. |
| `[.code-highlight: LINE NUMBERS]` |          Step through highlighted lines of code.          |

Learn more about customizing your slides on the [Deckset help site](https://docs.decksetapp.com/English.lproj/getting-started.html).

## Figma

The GitHub presentation template is available as a Figma library for members of the GitHub organization.

### How to use

To use, enable `GitHub Presentation Template` in the Team libraries.
![figma-slides](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/59050641-abe8f900-883f-11e9-91ac-8a65f1de102c.gif)
For more information on using Figma libraries, please refer to [Figma's documentation](https://help.figma.com/article/29-team-library).

😕 **Having trouble?** Message us in [#design-systems](https://github.slack.com/messages/C0ZCGGGJ2) for assistance.

Commit message:

Update presentation formats
- Clarified that Google Slides template is for GitHub org members
- Tidy up a few words

Closes #56

content/presentation-formats.mdx, after:

---
title: Presentation formats
---

## Keynote

Keynote templates are available for download to the members of the GitHub organization on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Wp3NyCYM-FsU-4MKSbPcBgIsWVgvUQy0).

![The Keynote files](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/56326001-35762780-6129-11e9-915d-949763cb1186.png)

### Creating a new presentation

Open `github-presentation-template.key` or `github-presentation-theme.kth` to create a new presentation.

**Note:** If you just open the regular keynote file (`.key`), you will need to duplicate this for your own presentation if you do not want to override the template for later use. We recommend that for your first presentation you open the theme file (`.kth`) and add the theme to your Keynote to use for future use.

### Installing the Keynote theme

To install, open the theme file (`.kth`) in Keynote and click **Add to Theme Chooser**.

![Add to themes](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/56325663-e11e7800-6127-11e9-9fd3-4291c937317d.png)

You will now have the theme available any time you open Keynote.

## PowerPoint

PowerPoint templates are available for download to the members of the GitHub organization on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1QKiEbruGhWAY85NsEuTIEccDlAiz9qbD).

### Creating a new presentation

You can create a new presentation by using either the `.potx` file or the `.pptx` file.

#### .potx vs .pptx: What's the difference?

Both the `.potx` and the `.pptx` will open and create a new document.

The main difference is that a `.potx` is a template file, which will create a new presentation with the presentation system theming (slides, colors, type) already in place. The `.pptx` on the other hand will just open like a normal file and you will have to **Save a Copy** or rename for your presentation.

**Tip:** We recommend using the template(`.potx`) file as this will start a fresh document with everything loaded right away. 😄

### Installing the PowerPoint themes

| Step                                                            | Screenshot                                                                                                                      |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| To install, open a new document and open the **Slide Master**.  | ![Open Slide master](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/57048191-d552ab80-6c27-11e9-81c5-3ca6c61ac6bf.png)      |
| Click the **Theme** button to open the theme window.            | ![Click the theme button](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/57048292-4003e700-6c28-11e9-9f34-600c15feb4de.png) |
| At the bottom, click on **Browse for Themes**.                  | ![Browse for Themes](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/57048344-6a55a480-6c28-11e9-8f61-70ed23816606.png)      |
| Navigate to your `github-presentation-system-powerpoint` folder | ![Navigate to your file](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/57048569-58283600-6c29-11e9-890c-f75694b67d5a.png)  |

## Google Slides

The GitHub presentation template is available for use in the Google Slides template gallery for members of the GitHub organization.

![slides-template](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/59050642-ac818f80-883f-11e9-9dc4-eccecb3dce0b.gif)

## Deckset

A Deckset theme of the GitHub presentation template is available for download for the members of the GitHub organization on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1PDKiK_hOJja6ZBQiTHy37JD8S4Buzwz7).

![deckset-template](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/77022093-e8f12880-6945-11ea-92f9-623556fa6488.png)

An example presentation is also provided to showcase various slide options when using the theme but please refer to the official [Deckset help site](https://docs.decksetapp.com/English.lproj/getting-started.html) for more detailed information.

### How to use

1. Download the assets
2. Open Deckset and click `File > Import Theme...`
3. Navigate to the `GitHub Presentation Template - Deckset` folder and select `GitHub_Theme.dstheme`
4. Create your markdown presentation in Deckset! 🎉

#### Basic customization

Here is a basic set of commands that you can add to individual slides to customize your content:

|              Command              |                        Description                        |
| :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------: |
| `[.background-color: #HEXVALUE]`  |   Changes the background color for an individual slide    |
|         `[.hide-footer]`          |         Hides the footer for an individual slide          |
|   `[.slidenumbers:true/false]`    | Shows or hides the slide numbers for an individual slide |
| `[.code-highlight: LINE NUMBERS]` |          Step through highlighted lines of code          |

Learn more about customizing your slides on the [Deckset help site](https://docs.decksetapp.com/English.lproj/getting-started.html).

## Figma

The GitHub presentation template is available as a Figma library for members of the GitHub organization.

### How to use

To use, enable `GitHub Presentation Template` in the Team libraries.
![figma-slides](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/59050641-abe8f900-883f-11e9-91ac-8a65f1de102c.gif)
For more information on using Figma libraries, please refer to [Figma's documentation](https://help.figma.com/article/29-team-library).

😕 **Having trouble?** Message us in [#design-systems](https://github.slack.com/messages/C0ZCGGGJ2) for assistance.
