content/slide-types.mdx, before:

---
title: Slide Types
---

### Quotes
Quotes are set up in two different layouts: left-aligned and centered.

![Screenshot 2019-03-20 13 13 28](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54716005-01035180-4b12-11e9-9194-aa355e4610bf.png)

It is recommended that longer quotes be left-aligned and shorter quotes centered.

### Reactions
![Celebratory reaction](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54715873-ac5fd680-4b11-11e9-9141-cd40c6b24fad.png)

Reaction slides use the GitHub reaction emojis to add a visual cue to a topic.

### Charts
Charts can be easily added to any slide using the built in chart features in both Keynote and Google Slides.

<!--
Keynote | Google Slides
:---: | :---:
<img width="500" alt="Keynote screenshot" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54648917-487fd400-4a65-11e9-8f44-ebfe471de0ec.png"> | <img width="500" alt="Google Slides screenshot" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54709242-63ecec80-4b02-11e9-8a48-86c0a9985a00.png">
-->

#### Usage guidelines:

Don't | 🚫
:---: | :---:
Add a chart with a white background to a black slide. | <img width="500" alt="Screenshot 2019-03-19 16 40 29" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54649021-b88e5a00-4a65-11e9-9288-9d2a1c8e9428.png"/>


Do | ✅
:---: | :---:
Use a white slide for charts with white backgrounds. | <img width="500" alt="Screenshot 2019-03-19 16 36 58" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54648916-487fd400-4a65-11e9-8e8f-ae4914910617.png"/>

### Charts in Keynote
To add a chart in Keynote click the ![Chart button](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54716264-97377780-4b12-11e9-828f-f006a0679c50.png) button in the top toolbar.

To edit the data in the chart click the chart (if not already selected) and click the `Edit Chart Data` button.
A small spreadsheet window will appear and you can copy/paste your data into the cells.

### Charts in Google Slides
To add a chart in Google slides, click `Insert > Chart` and select the type of chart you would like to use.

If you already have your data in a specific Google Sheet, click `From Sheets...`

To edit the data in the chart, select the chart and click the dropdown arrow in the top right corner. Select `Open Source` and you will be moved to the Google Sheet containing the data for your chart. Within the Sheet, you can update values and customize the appearance of your Chart. To view any of the changes made to your chart and/or it's data, click `Update` to refresh the chart.

Commit message:

Update slide types
Following updates on https://github.com/primer/presentations/pull/57
- Updated title case
- Used Doctocat do/dont component
- A few tiny copy changes

content/slide-types.mdx, after:

---
title: Slide types
---

import {DoDontContainer, Do, Dont} from '@primer/gatsby-theme-doctocat'

### Quotes
Quotes are set up in two different layouts: left-aligned and centered.

![Screenshot 2019-03-20 13 13 28](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54716005-01035180-4b12-11e9-9194-aa355e4610bf.png)

We recommend that longer quotes be left-aligned and shorter quotes centered.

### Reactions
![Celebratory reaction](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54715873-ac5fd680-4b11-11e9-9141-cd40c6b24fad.png)

Reaction slides use the GitHub reaction emojis to add a visual cue to a topic.

### Charts
Charts can be added to any slide using the built-in chart features in both Keynote and Google Slides.

<!--
Keynote | Google Slides
:---: | :---:
<img width="500" alt="Keynote screenshot" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54648917-487fd400-4a65-11e9-8f44-ebfe471de0ec.png"> | <img width="500" alt="Google Slides screenshot" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54709242-63ecec80-4b02-11e9-8a48-86c0a9985a00.png">
-->

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54648916-487fd400-4a65-11e9-8e8f-ae4914910617.png">
    Use a white slide for charts with white backgrounds.
  </Do>
  <Dont src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54649021-b88e5a00-4a65-11e9-9288-9d2a1c8e9428.png">
    Add a chart with a white background to a black slide.
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Charts in Keynote
To add a chart in Keynote click the ![Chart button](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54716264-97377780-4b12-11e9-828f-f006a0679c50.png) button in the top toolbar.

To edit the data in the chart click the chart (if not already selected) and click the `Edit Chart Data` button.
A small spreadsheet window will appear and you can copy/paste your data into the cells.

### Charts in Google Slides
To add a chart in Google slides, click `Insert > Chart` and select the type of chart you would like to use.

If you already have your data in a specific Google Sheet, click `From Sheets...`

To edit the data in the chart, select the chart and click the dropdown arrow in the top right corner. Select `Open Source` and you will be moved to the Google Sheet containing the data for your chart. Within the Sheet, you can update values and customize the appearance of your chart. To view any of the changes made to your chart and/or its data, click `Update` to refresh the chart.
