docs/rough-draft.md, before:

# Presentation docs
## Quote slides
Quotes are set up in two different layouts: left-aligned and centered. 

It is recommended that longer quotes be left-aligned and shorter quotes centered.

## Reactions
Reaction slides use the GitHub reaction emojis to add emphasis to a topic.

## Charts
Charts can be easily added to any slide using the built in chart features in both Keynote and Google Slides.

### Keynote
To add a chart in Keynote click the Chart button in the top toolbar.
To edit the data in the chart click the chart (if not already selected) and click the Edit Chart Data button.
A small spreadsheet window will appear and you can copy/paste your data into the cells.

## Icons
Icons are used to show a visual association with different objects (e.g., The core four include: Developers, Teams, Enterprise, and Maintainers).
 
### Replace icons (Keynote)
- Open GitHub-keynote-icons.key` 
- Select icon and copy
- In your presentation, select your icon layout template (1-4 icons available)
- Select the icon you would like to replace
- Paste 

### Replace icons (Google Slides)
To replace icon:
**Step 1: Choose your icon**
- Go to https://ghicons.github.com/
- Find the icon you’d like to use
- Right click > Copy Image Address

**Step 2: Add to slide**
- On slide, click placeholder icon
- Click Replace Image > By URL 
- Paste URL copied from ghicons.github.com

## Type
The presentation system uses system fonts. The default font is Helvetica Neue.

### Titles/Headings
Keynote/Google Slides

H1 - 100/40
H2 - 72/30
H3 - 64/24

Body text - 48/16

### Monospace Fonts
Monospace fonts are used for quote attributes, code slides, and labels/eyebrow text.

### Highlights
Highlights should be used sparingly and to only highlight key words or phrases on the slide. Try to avoid highlighting multiple lines on a single slide. 

# Versioning
Versioning for the Primer presentation system will be logged by date. All updates will be kept in a changelog located in both the presenters notes of a Changelog slide and on the Primer presentations site.

# Notes
- Little unclear atm

Commit message:

add images for replacing icons

docs/rough-draft.md, after:

# Slide types
## Quote slides
Quotes are set up in two different layouts: left-aligned and centered. 

It is recommended that longer quotes be left-aligned and shorter quotes centered.

## Reactions
Reaction slides use the GitHub reaction emojis to add emphasis to a topic.



## Charts
Charts can be easily added to any slide using the built in chart features in both Keynote and Google Slides.

### Keynote
To add a chart in Keynote click the Chart button in the top toolbar.
To edit the data in the chart click the chart (if not already selected) and click the Edit Chart Data button.
A small spreadsheet window will appear and you can copy/paste your data into the cells.

## Icons
Icons are used to show a visual association with different objects (e.g., The core four include: Developers, Teams, Enterprise, and Maintainers).

<img width="960" alt="Screenshot 2019-03-18 13 33 46" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54570993-0475cc00-499e-11e9-9758-c67f9a6ca04e.png">
 
### Replace icons (Keynote)
![Replacing icons in Keynote is easy!](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54571638-f4132080-49a0-11e9-9e4e-406ce3c44ec1.gif)
1. Open GitHub-keynote-icons.key
<img width="500" alt="Screenshot 2019-03-18 13 35 39" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54571249-13a94980-499f-11e9-9643-1401534922d4.png">
2. Select icon and copy
<img width="500" alt="Screenshot 2019-03-18 13 41 25" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54570982-f45dec80-499d-11e9-9a40-66f3dda7e1e7.png">
3. In your presentation, select your icon layout template (1-4 icons available)
4. Select the icon you would like to replace
<img width="500" alt="Screenshot 2019-03-18 13 35 00" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54570980-f3c55600-499d-11e9-8936-f24830c20413.png">
5. Paste
<img width="500" alt="Screenshot 2019-03-18 13 43 43" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54570983-f45dec80-499d-11e9-9434-07a24f7686d2.png">

### Replace icons (Google Slides)
To replace icon:
**Step 1: Choose your icon**
- Go to https://ghicons.github.com/
- Find the icon you’d like to use
- Right click > Copy Image Address

**Step 2: Add to slide**
- On slide, click placeholder icon
- Click Replace Image > By URL 
- Paste URL copied from ghicons.github.com

## Type
The presentation system uses system fonts. The default font is Helvetica Neue.

### Titles/Headings
Keynote/Google Slides

H1 - 100/40
H2 - 72/30
H3 - 64/24

Body text - 48/16

### Monospace Fonts
Monospace fonts are used for quote attributes, code slides, and labels/eyebrow text.

### Highlights
Highlights should be used sparingly and to only highlight key words or phrases on the slide. Try to avoid highlighting multiple lines on a single slide. 

<img width="1165" alt="Screenshot 2019-03-14 10 58 58" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/54390303-61504a00-465f-11e9-9c46-19ad028e3bdd.png">

# Versioning
Versioning for the Primer presentation system will be logged by date. All updates will be kept in a changelog located in both the presenters notes of a Changelog slide and on the Primer presentations site.
